guys I'm going to show you how to and
kind of easy and quick to fix the sticky
flour if you're trying to pull one off
which I'm trying to pull one off of here
you see right here it might be a little
easy to come up with this bottom end
right here
also I gotta fix this one this one got a
bad rod in it so I got new cranks level
coming up but this one just when guys as
you can see this was a bitch to come off
so I had a breakdown magnet grind some
of the pressure off of the flywheel to
the crank this one had a bad
starter clutch in it and also the timing
chain was real loose Bob about that
loose had the the tension still in place
but it was about about that loose so
it's making the real loud noise at the
top end so it kind of bent when I first
did kind of bent the flywheel I mean
this air puller you see the harmonic
balancer puller kind of Bend that up but
I finally got her off
as you can see haven't got off yet
completely off but you can see the all
the bearings on that starter clutch knew
just the lady agent yeah that's brand
new starter collection what the hell
they're in the key way to the dirt print
shop is input still there then Pro and
all you know I get this all I think this
gear I hear was no good so we going to
go ahead and replace all that
put that down
I know it's a dirty job guys but kind of
had no what's this know like we might go
on the bottom into as well who you fun
and know if that was okay okay okay I
guess he went right there so we'll go in
get that done all that we're going to
replace it we're going to remove this
time of chain as you see I'm gonna
replace that because I think it's a
little bit stretch so but that's how you
can oh
if you got one that's don't there's a
bitch to come out that's the best way to
fix to get you about two of these are
two of these you're grinding wheels
right here you see how to use that one
up right there see you don't like
Walmart some get you bought two of the
bad boys right here the cutoff wheel get
your hammer because you got to break the
magnet up because uh it's going to be
hard to cut with the magnet in place and
get you one of these right here this is
a grinding wheel and you want to just
grind cut a little slit right here
and you see with the cutting wheel and
bam up with a hammer and grind a little
bit right off and once you grind a
little buff their leaves a little bit of
pressure and that way you can hook the
uh just hit a puller up to it and pull
it and pull it without doing no more
damage to the UH the crank which already
did
I'll try and be careful but long as the
threads long as the threads will fun it
should go right and place them so yeah
that's it right there
bear is all broken up and everything
welcome to clean this up real good
probably gonna have to pull it pull the
ball at me clean it up and everything
put it back together and see if she
rides okay yo but that's the way to fix
the dirt flywheel if you have a have a
problem doing it it's your boy supercar
fight or DM sign it off